# KOBI
When it was my turn to get sick with Corona and I had free time, I realized a project I had been thinking about for a long time: 
I am currently also working as a security shift leader, many security guards are frustrated because the shift assignments arrive late, with mistakes. 
I thought of creating a software that accepts work constraints for shifts from security guards via Google Form in a convenient way, and then without any effort the software will cross-check the workers according to their training (shift leader, security guard, control room), according to the constraints, in an easy, equal and fast way. I implemented the idea in the Java language ( The javaFX interface was convenient for this purpose) in an OOP method.

The software reads an Excel file that automatically imports the data from Google sheets and processes them by queries. It also loads a txt file containing definitions about the training of each employee, updates the user in an orderly manner which security guards have not yet sent the constraints, and drafts a message that can be copied asking them to do so.
The general idea of the placement algorithm is to refer to each slot in the placement separately, and create a list of everyone who can work in the same shift. We can arrange the list as we wish (at this point I chose randomly).
We will choose the shift with the shortest list ("the problematic one") and there we will choose the first one on the list. We will then remove him from the list of other shifts he cannot work (on the same day, and shift before/after). After the assignment of a shift, we will again select the shift with the short list, etc., until the assignment is completed.

After that I realized that there are edge cases that the algorithm does not handle, such as a limited number of ways to shift all the workers (there are not a lot of options), and I decided to handle it using recursion: when the algorithm gets stuck and has no one to shift in a certain shift, it will go back to the last shift it shifted, and shift You are next on the list. In this way we are guaranteed that if there is any way to insert, the algorithm will find it (in fact it goes through all the possibilities).

There are a lot of additional features that I planned to add such as: balancing the number of shifts of the employees by a justice table, manual placement according to the lists in each slot, automatic connection of Java to Google sheets via API, displaying the lists of each slot after the placement (if and an employee is sick during the week, we can assign another employee in his place without disturbing the rest of the assignment), exporting a file to Excel and more.
Unfortunately, the project was not completed, because when I came out of isolation I was tasked with completing the academic assignments that accumulated during that time, and I am currently in the exam period. At the same time, since the project is fresh, I intend to continue working on it after I finish the tests, and propose its use to my manager. At the moment the project is working in a basic way (I have not yet completed the recursion code, and the features I wrote about).
